welcome to the program we begin in Gaza
where Israeli forces have killed five
children after bombing a mosque and a
school housing displaced people the
attack happened in the durage
neighborhood of Gaza City five adults
were also killed in the strike and
dozens of people were wounded rescue
workers searched for survivors in the
rubble with their bare hands amongst the
dead are people who had been trying to
reach Israeli designated so-called safe
zones since the start of the war in
October isra forces have now killed more
than
35,700 Palestinians including 15,000
children tck Abu is our correspondent in
De albala in central Gaza and joins us
now good morning Tark I mean while the
overnight bombardment continues the
focus is very much on the state of
hospitals that seem to be you might say
the focus of Israeli
[Music]
attacks well morning so uh it was
completely a new bloody morning where we
have uh waken up today uh on the sound
of the bombardment and artillery
Shilling AC course multiple areas in the
territory and the new scenes of victims
that their families are bidding far well
to them in the yards of al- AKA hospital
now within the past 24 hours there was a
clear acceleration of all military
attacks across this trip starting from M
Dar neighborhood which was the main
focus by the Israeli military where a
four-story building was completely
destroyed killing at least 16
Palestinians including 10 children in
that area that was also hit where
another residential uh building and
evacuation Center was targeted were at
least nine Palestinians there have been
reported killed so we have been
witnessing a clear surge of attacks in
Gaza City alongside with anat refugee
camp where at least eight Palestinians
have been reported killed after the
house was directly targeted without
receiving any prior notification of War
in order to flee the building that they
were taking as chill UPA Amed this
ongoing attacks the Israeli military is
launching a systematic military control
on the north of the strip in particular
in jabalia refugee camp now the battles
are in the heart of the camp as
confrontations raging between Hamas
Fighters and the Israeli Army and at the
same time they are forcing the medics in
Al AA hospital to flee under the sound
of the bombardment they managed to flee
uh dozens of Medics to to the West part
of Gaza City but there are still medics
in the hospital who refused to flee
until the Israeli military forces could
bring them ambulances in order to
evacuate the injured from inside that
medical facility now the entire image
that in the north of the strip is that
there is a full collapse of the medical
sector in that part on that corner of
the territory as the military has been
widely attacking the entire north of
this STP and in particular jabalia
refugee camp as we have been hearing
from eyewitnesses that bodies are lined
up on the ground without getting any
kind of rescue operations because of the
unprecedented intensity of the Israeli
bombardment there so we'll continue to
check in with you throughout the day TK
for updates for the moment thank you T
Abu aom there for us in dear
alala make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer